Improve API docs based on Best practices (#604)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql: README.md

### Client

A database client can be created using any of the above-listed database libraries. The operations and functionality explained below can be used with the newly created client.

> **Tip** : The client should be used throughout the application lifetime.

#### Handle connection pools

All database libraries share the same connection pooling concept and there are three possible scenarios for
connection pool handling.  For its properties and possible values, see the [`sql:ConnectionPool`](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/sql/latest/records/ConnectionPool).

> > **Tip** : Connection pooling is used to optimize opening and closing connections to the database. It can add up over time and waste precious network time. Therefore, it is best to open a limited connection pool and reuse connections according to the purpose rather than using default.

Reviewer: Did you revert the changes here?

Reviewer: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql/pull/604#discussion_r1055535778

Author: This was fixed in [7a61380](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql/pull/604/commits/7a61380413be5a99d5ad1577a4cfa114bf568d8b)

Reviewer: Have you seen the latest changes, seems you have reverted back to the old sentences you used. This suggests connection pool will take up time and waste resources, when in reality it doesnt. Shall we go with the suggested changes, or are you planning on keeping this?

Author: Sorry, I haven't noticed you updated the message. I moved my one.

### Client

> The database client should be created using any of the above-listed database libraries and kept open throughout 
> the entirety of the application to perform the operations and functionality which are explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A database client can be created using any of the above-listed database libraries. The operations and functionality explained below can be used with the newly created client.

> **Tip** : The client should be used throughout the application lifetime.
```

Reviewer: Lets add another note to the Close the client section.

Reviewer: `Handle connection pools` should also have a tip to configure this as per the need rather than using default values.

All database libraries share the same connection pooling concept and there are three possible scenarios for
connection pool handling.  For its properties and possible values, see the [`sql:ConnectionPool`](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/sql/latest/records/ConnectionPool).

> **Tip** : Connection pooling is used to optimize opening and closing connections to the database.
> It can add up over time and waste precious network time. Therefore, it is best to open a limited

> > connection pool and reuse connections according to the purpose rather than using default.

Reviewer: Use a single line. This will format as 3 separate boxes

                               new ("jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/testdb", 
                                "root", "root");
    ```

>    
>    > **Tip** : Connection pooling is used to optimize opening and closing connections to the database. 
>    > It can add up over time and waste precious network time. Therefore, it is best to open a limited 
>    > connection pool and reuse connections according to the purpose rather than using default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Tip**: Connection pooling is used to optimize opening and closing connections to the database. However, the pool comes with an overhead. It is best to configure the connection pool properties as per the application need to get the best performance.
```
Move this to line 33. Just after the first paragraph.

check dbClient.close();
```

> > **Tip** : The client has to be closed at the end of the application lifetime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Tip** : The client must be closed only at the end of the application lifetime (or closed for graceful stops in a service).
```

#### Query data

These samples show how to demonstrate the different usages of the `query` operation to query the
database table and obtain the result as a stream. Once the `query` operation is done, make sure to consume

> all the fetched data or close the stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database table and obtain the result as a stream. 

> ** Tip**: When processing the stream, make sure to consume all fetched data or close the stream.
```

}
check result.close();
```

> Note that you have to invoke the `close` operation explicitly on the `sql:ProcedureCallResult` to release the connection resources and avoid a connection leak as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Once the results are processed, invoke the `close` method on the `sql:ProcedureCallResult` to release the connection resources.
```
